Israeli forces are carrying out more
raids in the occupied West Bank they
stormed the towns of Nabis Salah tubas
and Hebron destroying buildings and
Roads a prominent Palestinian activist
was arrested for inciting terrorism
according to Israeli forces since
Israel's war on Gaza began last month
its Army has intensified operations in
the territory well Bernard Smith joins
us live now from ramala and the
Palestinian prime minister has been
talking about Gaza what did he have to
say
Muhammad Shati was speaking at the
weekly Palestinian cabinet meeting and
he was quite emotional as he attacked
Israel's bombardment of Gaza he wants uh
the ICC to is issue arrest warrants for
those involved in the bombing of Gaza
and he also wants the UN to cancel World
children's day that's always later in
November and it's held to Mark the time
when the UN General Assembly adopted the
Declaration of the rights of the child
but this is a bit more about what he had
to
say Shah festini how many Palestinians
does Israel need to kill in order to
take revenge how many homes must be
destroyed so that the machine of
aggression is satisfied and how many
wounded must bleed so that the Invaders
can enjoy the pain of our children the
mass killing of innocent must
stop can you just tell us a little bit
more about these raids overnight even
more continuing uh odd days after this
War
began yeah it was a fairly uh typical
day in recent times of raids across the
occupied Palestinian West Bank uh raids
are a fact of life here even before uh
October the 7th it's just that there
seem to be more of them now and in the
overnight raids one man was killed in a
raid in Nablus and also a very
significant individual an activist a
heroin really in the West Bank I had
Tamimi was arrested this 22-year-old
woman was taken away by Israeli forces
on a suspicion of inciting violence and
terrorist activities now I had shot of
Fame really when she was 16 years old in
a video that went viral of her kicking
and lashing out and slapping an Israeli
uh uh mil uh army officer and she went
to jail eventually for activities eight
months in jail she served her father was
arrested earlier this week her mother
says that she's also been arrested
threatened with arrest as has ahad's
brother the Israelis are claiming that
the reason they've arrested Ahad tamim
is because she posted uh some very
inflammatory language on an Instagram
account calling for sort of very violent
attacks on Israelis her mother says this
is not her daughter's account it's a
fake account and there are lots of
Instagram accounts that carry her
daughter's name and picture Tom okay
thank you so much that's Bernard Smith
for us in romala